typo: fix missing backtick (#20202)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/agents/reference/limits.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Limits
sidebar:
  order: 4

---

import { Render } from "~/components"

Limits that apply to authoring, deploying, and running Agents are detailed below.

Many limits are inherited from those applied to Workers scripts and/or Durable Objects, and are detailed in the [Workers limits](/workers/platform/limits/) documentation.

::: note

| Feature                                   | Limit         			    |
| ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
| Max concurrent (running) Agents per account	| Tens of millions+ [^1]
| Max definitions per account         | ~250,000+ [^2]
| Max state stored per unique Agent | 1GB |
| Max compute time per Agent | 30 seconds (refreshed per HTTP request / incoming WebSocket message) [^3] |
| Duration (wall clock) per step [^3]       | Unlimited (e.g. waiting on a database call or an LLM response) |

---

[^1]: Yes, really. You can have tens of millions of Agents running concurrently, as each Agent is mapped to a [unique Durable Object](/durable-objects/what-are-durable-objects/) (actor).

> [^2]: You can deploy up to [500 scripts per account](/workers/platform/limits/), but each script (project) can define multiple Agents. Each deployed script can be up to 10MB on the [Workers Paid Plan](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^2]: You can deploy up to [500 scripts per account](/workers/platform/limits/), but each script (project) can define multiple Agents. Each deployed script can be up to 10 MB on the [Workers Paid Plan](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers)
```
